.
The Geordies are back. We're leaving
the Toon and hitting Greece.
Greece, you're about to get done.
(cheering)
Come on!
It's gonna be pool parties...
Boat parties...
More drama.
Fuck this shit!
More tashing on.
More fucking tragedy.
Slag!
(shouting)
(exhales heavily)
Don't fucking ever
speak to me again.
(sobbing)
(spits)
Total carnage.
Fuck! Shit! What have I done now?
And a shitload of bucking, like.
Greece, the Geordie gods are coming.
Time to get immortal.
(cheering)
I'm not bi. I'm... I'm gay.
Love you!
Happy gay day, you fucking radgie.
I've never missed someone
as much as I've missed Ricky.
So it's Marnie's boyfriend, Ricky.
Fuck off.
I love you.
"Stay safe. Be careful."
Love you.
They sound so in love.
I want to be in love one day,
with someone who loves us back.
I've not spoke to Holly, because
she's too busy flirting with Scott.
Chloe is boiling.
Someone is about to fucking get it.
The girls are going berserk.
I wonder what it is.
Oh wait, I know. It's me.
I'm telling you now. I fan...
I love... No, I don't love you.
No, no, no.
I don't know why I said that.
What the fuck?!
I should have a degree
in pulling women.
I never kiss without a six-pack.
I'm a natural beauty.
Real boobs, real hair.
I'm gonna tear the place up.
I'm totally crackers, me, like.
I'm preened to perfection.
I'm cheeky and full of mischief.
I'm fit, flirty and I've got FFs.
I'm gonna make sparks fly.
(all) Geordie Shore, why-aye!
Do you remember Chloe
kicking off last night?
What about?
Cos Scott made me a promise
he was gonna spoon me
and he honoured that promise.
And she went fucking berserk.
Chloe was going on like an idiot.
It was a joke, man.
There was no need to kick off.
Chloe kept coming up
and just fucking shouting at 'em.
I don't how, but she said "love".
As in, like...?
Just love?"Love Scott".
There it is again.
That random word beginning with L,
what Chloe said yesterday.
Give us a dictionary.
I don't know what it means.
That is the biggest joke.
Oh, Chloe!
Dropping the L bomb is like
dropping a fart in a crowded lift.
It's so embarrassing
and it fucking stinks.
Grow some fucking balls.
Need to tell her today.
I've told her a thousand times.
I'm going to see her now.
You have fun.
Everyone's telling us to
set Chloe straight. Howay.
She's got more tangles
than Mr Messy.
Chloe, I was in the boys' room,
and they were all saying that you
were kicking off again with Scott.
But it's got worse this time.
Why, what happened? What did I say?
You said you loved him.
No, I didn't?
Fuck off! No!
No, I didn't!
You did.
Just to be clear, everyone,
I do not love Scott.
Just really fancy him, I swear.
Oh, I'm so embarrassed.
It's going from worse to worse now.
(Marnie)Oh, my God.
Where did that come from?
I can't even explain how lucky
I feel that I've found someone
who loves me as much as I love them.
I don't even remember saying it.
I know what that feels like.
I know exactly how Chloe feels.
First time I told Kyle I loved him,
I could hear a fucking pin drop.
I love you. Definitely fucking not.
I love chicken, but not fucking him.
Right now, it's panic tanning time.
We have not got long left,
and I need to be brown.
So I'm off to the pool.
I'm still morti-fucking-fied
that I said to Scott last night
I loved him.
Hopefully some pool time'll
cheer us up.
Sun's out.
We need to make the most of it.
Now it's time to relax by the pool
as a family.
What are we gonna do
when we're ugly and pale again?
Who's the brownest?
Me, obviously.
(all laugh)
Oh, my God, here's the car.
We're sat outside sunbathing
and a taxi pulls up.
My heart is in my mouth.
I don't know why, but I feel
as though this could be Kyle.
There's three people.
Anna.
No, it's not, it's Kyle.
Kyle.
I can't see.
I'm thinking,
it's only gonna be Anna or Kyle,
and I don't know
which one is fucking worse.
Do we know who it is? Can anyone see?
I can't.
Don't know, you know.
He's got the same glasses on.
It's Ricky.
(screaming)
Ricky!
Oh!
Oh, shit.
Oh, my God, it's me boyfriend, Ricky!
I'm fucking buzzing.
Oh, my God.
Aw.
Jesus, he's come a long way
for a shag.
Hi, Ricky.
Hi, Ricky!
I genuinely thought
it could have been Kyle.
There's relief,
but I'm also slightly gutted.
Nice to see you.
Ricky, those flowers are pure shit.
Did he get them
from a petrol station?
I'm buzzing for Marnie. Even though
me and Marnie have a past,
it doesn't bother me one bit.
Does that mean you're out tonight?
I'm gonna take her for some drinks.
Then maybe come see you guys.
Whoo!
Can have the shag pad.
Don't want to crash.
Show you a proper Geordie night out.
I'll drink you under the table.
This is the most romantic thing
anyone's ever done for us.
Me boyfriend has turned up to
surprise us. I can't believe it.
Missed you so much.
This is getting awkward now.
We should fuck off.
Bye, guys. Enjoy.
Seeing Marnie and Ricky together
makes us question everything.
I'm not sure whether, if Mitch got
out that taxi, I'd even be happy.
I'm so pleased that you're here.
I really, really missed you.
I know.
So much, it's been... (sighs)
When I seen his face there,
I just overwhelmed with love.
I haven't seen him in such a long
time. I've missed him so much.
Get a taxi to pick you up
in a couple of hours.
So I'm gonna jump,
go get ready, you go get ready.
And then I'll see you in a couple
of hours.Don't wanna leave ya.
I can't believe that
Ricky's even here.
I just can't wait to meet him
for this date.
(laughter)
It still feels a bit surreal.
Yeah.
I literally thought it was Kyle.
I did as well, mind.
I did.
I'm so happy for Marnie and Ricky,
but I can't help but think
that that used to be me and Kyle.
My heart was in me mouth
and I started shaking.
Thank fuck it wasn't Kyle.
I've only just got
my best friend Holly back.
I don't want that twat ruining it.
Are you gonna have sex with him?
Yeah.
If there's one thing
I missed more than Ricky,
it's Ricky's cock.
I am gonna get some tonight.
Shit, I'm so excited.
Yes!
We want to watch.
Yes, Marns.
Fly the flag, Marns, fly the flag.
I will.
I'm gonna get a cup on the wall
and be like, "Oh, yay. Go on!"
I am a bit jealous
about Marnie and Ricky.
She's gonna get fingered
all over the villa.
I need to start getting ready.
Start pampering yourself.
Bye.Bye-bye. Have fun.
Have fun.
To be fair, Marnie looks banging
and Ricky is a lucky guy.
But we all know she still wants me.
I'm in the taxi,
and I am so excited to see Ricky.
I pull up
and it's so scenic and romantic.
You look nice.
You look amazing.
(laughs)
Seriously.
Seeing Ricky now,
he looks so handsome.
It's made us realise how lucky I am.
Does absence make the heart
grow fonder?
Major. I've never ever
felt anything like this.
What have you missed, then?
What have you missed about me?
I've missed your, like,
massive willy.(laughs)
Are you horny?
Yeah.
(laughs)
You joking?
Think we'll have some
sexy time tonight?
It's been a while. It's closing up.
(laughs)
Oh, I'm sure I can sort that out.
We're in the most romantic,
beautiful place,
but I can't get Ricky's penis
out of me head.
Oh, mate,
you're gonna make me choke.
Ricky and Marnie are on a date.
So it's time for the rest of us
fucking radgies to go and get ready.
I am fucking buzzing for tonight.
If I was them, I wouldn't think
about food. I'd be shagging.
Hopefully, on the way,
Marnie and Ricky found somewhere
to bang. She can bang for us all.
Marnie is dying for a shag.
She will be getting rode all over
in that shag pad.
I'm so jealous
that Marnie's gonna get some action.
I haven't had sex in so long
that my clit has actually gone
to the Job Centre to sign on.
Chloe, will you be dropping L bombs?
Definitely not.
The only fucking L bomb
I'm dropping is fucking liquor.
(laughs)
I'm so nervous about tonight.
I haven't talked to Scott
after I told him I loved him.
Maybe he forgot, or maybe
he thought it was a dream.
Me and Ricky have had such a good
time. So nice to have him here.
I've got a surprise for you.
I want to show you something.
All right, OK.
What the hell is this surprise?
Babe, have you got your eyes closed?
Yeah.
Stop. Right, let's turn to me.
Yeah?
(sighs)
I've never seen Ricky act like this.
What the hell's he doing?
He's acting so intense.
I want to be with you for
the rest of my life.Mm-hmm.
I love everything about you.
I love your smile. I love your eyes.
Your personality. You make me laugh.
You make my day when I wake up.
What, what you doing?
(sighs)
I want to be that couple when
we get old, we look back and go,
"Do you know what? We made it."
Yeah.
80 years old, still going strong.
I can't get my words out.
What you trying to say?
Just look down there.
No.
Will you marry me?
(laughs)
Rick.
Please say yes.
You're killing me here.
Will you marry me?
(laughs)
Rick.
Please say yes.
Oh, my God.
(laughs) Yes.
(laughs) Shit.
Oh, shit, what finger is it?
It's so pretty.
Please fit, please fit,
please fit, please fit.
Yeah. Oh, my God, that's beautiful.
I am the happiest girl in Greece.
I can't believe how lucky I am.
Oh, shit, welling up.I know.
I can't believe it. Oh, my God.
Do you like it?
It's fucking beautiful.
I can't... (laughs)
Guess we gotta go celebrate, yeah?
Yeah.
We need to go meet Marnie and Ricky.
I wanna see what he has to offer.
If I'm honest, I hope
he falls flat on his fucking face.
Let's just go out
and get fucking mortal.
We get to the bar
and it's called G Spot.
And I mean,
nobody's been there in a while.
Everyone is buzzing.
I can't wait for Marnie and Ricky to
arrive, so we can get him fucked up.
Last time that I went on a date,
I got dumped.
Hope it works out for Marnie.
Yeah!
(cheering)
Oh, look at Marnie's face.
Finally. Marnie's here. Let's
get this fucking party started!
(both scream)
Oh, my God.
What the fuck?
Marnie's engaged? Oh, my God.
No way? Mate, no way.
Fucking hell.
Marnie's just got engaged,
and I still haven't dusted her.
I'm speechless,
and that never happens.
Duh, Chloe.
She's got a big fucking ring on.
You don't get that for saying no.
Congratulations.
Thank you very much.
She's been having girl time
with Chloe, flirting with me,
and now she's engaged?
What a fucking holiday.
Congrats, Ricky kid, but I hope
you're good enough for Marnie.
Time to get this Cockney mortal,
Geordie style.
To someone in Geordie Shore
actually getting engaged. Cheers!
(all cheer)
I'm on cloud nine.
Everyone is so happy for us.
(all cheer)
This calls for a celebration.
We need to get out of this bar
and hit the club.
Ricky, don't be scared, kid.
This isn't glitz and glamour.
This is fish bowls,
jagerbombs and stuffing fanny.
This club is fucking bouncing.
For some reason, me, Gaz and Scott
have turned into pole dancers.
Hey, hey!
I've got to say,
I do really like Ricky.
He's good for Marnie
and he's a wicked dancer.
Tonight's going amazing,
but with Marnie engaged,
I need to check on Aaron,
cos they have got a history.
It is weird.
It wasn't so long ago that she was
cheating on someone else with me.
I am so loved up.
I can't keep me hands off him.
It is hard watching Marnie and Ricky
be so happy.
And although I am pleased for them,
it does still hurt.
Cos my relationship was
a total failure.
Seeing Marnie so happy is making me
question my whole relationship.
Maybe I just need to see him
to figure everything out.
The club is bouncing.
The tunes are blasting.
We're drinking vodka like it's water
and we're all mortal.
All this talk about engagement is
getting me horny. I want a kiss.
My mum always said,
"If it ain't broke, don't fix it."
So I'm going for last night's lad,
round two.
Fuck me, Nathan's pulled.
Well, it's time for Scotty T
to release the kraken. Oi, oi.
Scott pulled a girl
and I can't help but be pissed off.
Keep your cool, Chloe.
Keep your cool.
I need to keep me anger in check.
I already embarrassed myself
by dropping the L bomb,
but tonight's Marnie's night
and I don't want to ruin it.
Scott's pulling, and I know
I need to intercept Chloe
before she goes absolutely
fucking nuts.
Fucking hell, Gary,
I know you mean well,
but I've got me rage under control,
pet. Me new lad, Mr vodka!
This has been a whirlwind,
this last 24 hours.
I'm engaged now.
I'm a grown-up. I'm a woman.
And I'm starting to doubt
whether I should be in this house.
Holly's passed out
and we're all mortal.
It's time to get back to the villa.
Tonight has been amazing,
but I am blind drunk.
There is absolutely no way that
anyone's coming home with me.
Tonight's been so good, but all I
want to do is be with Ricky, alone.
Yeah?
He definitely is.
(laughs) Fucking hell.
You're really scaring me.
You're scaring me now.
Ta-da! This is the house.
Today has been the best day ever,
but I just can't wait to
get Ricky in bed.
Rick! Ricky!
Yeah?
I just want you
and your big, massive willy.
Fuck off, bitch.
What the fuck was that?
I've got this wicked bird back,
so it's fucking straight up
the shag pad for Scotty T.
Whoa, hello!
Shit.
Give us a break.
Baby, I'm helping you.
Baby, look, I'm helping you.
(moans)
I am that paralytic,
I need to lie down and go to sleep.
I can barely see.
(laughs) Wicked.
First I get attacked by a tree.
Now I'm that mortal, I can't
even reach the house for a piss.
Fuck, I am absolutely fucked.
I know we said
we were gonna go hard tonight,
but I didn't think we were
gonna go this fucking hard.
Holly, take me to bed.
This isn't going well. I've lost my
bearings and don't know where I am.
But all I know is,
why did I pull my trousers down?
I can't get them back up. Oh, God.
Hi.
It's a pure liberty the shag pad
is taken by Marnie and Ricky.
I need to get my chopper
out this kitchen,
straight into this bird's box.
I love pizza.
Scott's girl seems more interested
in my crusts than his cock.
Hashtag embarrassing.
All right, kid, no worries.
My fucking party dick is ten times
better than that pepperoni pizza.
It's fucking obvious that nowt's
gonna happen, so I'm off to kip.
Everyone's going to bed,
the little part-timers.
All I've got left
is this fucking painting.
I think it's time
for me to hit the sack.
Oh, shit.
Ah! I'm stuck. Ah!
(laughs)
Good morning.
How are you?
Hanging.
(laughs)
I couldn't do that.
How was your first...?
Yeah, it was good.
First night with us radgies?
I knew he couldn't
keep up with us Geordies.
These Essex boys can't hack it.
I had a really good night.
I had a really good time.
Now I've woken up with my fiance.
I know. It's crazy.
I've woke up today
and I'm feeling so happy.
I'm engaged to the boy that I love.
I can't believe last night.
She's actually engaged.
I cannot get over it.
Fuck.
It's just happened so quickly.
It's a whirlwind.
I still can't believe
that Marnie's actually engaged.
The ring is absolutely stunning.
How much do you think it was?
Fifty quid.
What?
You're talking like £50,000.
Pound?
How?
On a ring?!
On a ring.
No.
£50. That's how much my Nando's
order costs. Not a fucking diamond.
I got engaged once, right?
I was only young. I was, like, ten.
We did it under an apple tree. We
went to Primark and got the rings.
I am embarrassed about
telling everyone when I got engaged,
because I was only young.
I was a bairn.
But young love lasts forever.
He'll always be in my heart.
You did really well last night.
First time you haven't kicked off.
It was hard, I'm not gonna lie.
It took the second to last night
for Chloe to finally figure out
how to not kick off at Scott
for pulling.
Me and Scott
haven't sorted things out.
We're still not speaking.
Maybe you should talk with him.
Yeah. I'll talk to him today.
I'm fucking dying.
He is... Nathan, you are
definitely still pissed.I'm not!
I'm still mortal.
How did I get that drunk last night?
No, mate. Doesn't matter if you
were fucked, sober, fucking God.
She was not putting out last night.
She wouldn't take her socks off.
I love that Scott brought
a girl back last night,
and she wouldn't even
take her shoes off.
You never do, so why would
last night be any different?
Nathan's scared of sex.
You're gay!
Nathan, I feel sorry for
the lad that eventually pulls you.
You'll be the worst shag ever.
Chloe was wicked last night.
Why has it taken this fucking long?
She's young. It takes a lot for
a young girl to admit her feelings.
I'd definitely talk to her today
and...
Just get out of her.
But be nice about it.
You sure?
I just feel that...
Like, now we're engaged,
it's silly for us
to let you go on your own.
I may as well just leave now
with you.
Now that I'm engaged, it makes sense
to leave with me fiance.
I'm gonna have to tell the guys,
and that is gonna be so hard.
I've made me decision, and just feel
like this is my time to go now.
That's completely up to you.
Whatever makes you happiest.
This is a massive risk,
leaving for a boy.
But he's the one
and I'm so madly in love with him,
and I've got to follow me heart.
I'm so happy with me decision.
I'm so happy.
Like, I could never... I could
only ever see us leaving this
for someone who I love, like you.
But it still makes it,
like, really hard.
(sobs)
(sighs)
It'll be all right. I promise.
I love ya.
I love you.
Promise you it'll be all right. OK?
OK.
I'm happy with my decision,
but it doesn't make it any easier
leaving these guys.
I'm leaving for good.
I bet 20 Euro
I'm browner than you tonight.
Scott's panicking.
It's our last full day. We're still
buzzing for Marnie and Ricky.
The minute they're up,
we'll continue celebrating.
Oh, morning. Are you going?
I'm off.
This is all really weird.
Ricky's got in a taxi by his self.
Something's wrong.
Bye, Ricky.
(all) Bye, Ricky.
Hang on,
where the fuck's Ricky going?
Love you.
(sniffs)
Will yous all come in for a minute?
She's just got engaged.
What more can she have to announce?
Please don't say she's pregnant.
Not being funny,
but this does not look good.
By the look on her face, it looks
like she's gonna burst out crying.
And to be honest, I think I know
exactly what she's gonna say.
Right, I just need yous
to all be strong for us
cos this is
one of the hardest things...
...that I've ever
had to do in me life.
I know that we've been through
some ups and downs,
but I'm ready to start
a new chapter of me life.
And it kills me for saying...
...but it's...
it's time for us to go.
Oh, fucking hell.
I cannot believe
that Marnie's leaving.
It feels like me heart
has just been ripped out.
Because I love Marnie
more than anything in the world.
And this time around, we really
have gotten on just like sisters.
But it's the right decision for me
cos I'm in love with someone.
Feel so upset. I've never
felt this pain in me life.
I don't wanna start crying.
I'm literally heartbroken.
I feel like I've just been
smacked round the face
with an emotional brick.
It fucking hurts.
Oh, love yous.
I've never been this close to crying
since I fell over in the playground
when I was five.
I didn't realise how much
Marnie really meant to us.
I'm absolutely devastated.
It's so hard. (sobs)
I'm absolutely gutted.
I've seen so many people
come and go in this house.
But do you know what it is?
It never gets any easier.
And Marnie will be a massive loss
to this family.
It's scary, it's scary. (sobs)
I've made some lifelong friends
and it's gonna absolutely kill us,
not being able to
be with them all the time.
But I feel like this is
the right thing to do.
I love you.
I can't believe I'm saying goodbye.
This is the last time
she'll be part of the family.
I love yous.
Me and Marnie had a connection
straightaway.
I see her as a big sister. I don't
know how I'll do it without her.
Me and Marnie have
been through a lot together
and she'll always be
very special to me.
I just hope
she's made the right decision.
I don't know whether
I can watch her go and let her go.
But I don't have a choice, because
now she's engaged, she's got to.
All the best for everything.
Aw.
You know what, right? I never cry,
but I am seriously struggling
to hold back the tears here.
Marnie meant a lot to me and I am
fucking devastated she's going.
You can come back whenever you want.
Bye.
Bye-bye.
(cries)
I know, it's so hard.
Saying goodbye to everyone
was one of the hardest things
I've ever had to do in my life.
This is one of the best experiences
that has ever happened to us.
It's fucking horrible
when someone leaves, man.
I've got a massive chapter
of me life ahead of us.
I couldn't be more excited
to see what's in store.
I'm Marnie. I'm a natural beauty.
Real boobs and a really good arse.
Marnie, come here.
I've got Gary at me left,
Scott at me right. I'm loving it.
Coming in here and flirting
is a recipe for fucking disaster.
She's a massive flirty slag,
with really long, confusing hair.
It barely touched the opening,
and that is not classed as sex.
What the fuck? Ah, fuck!
I'm telling you now,
it's her with Aaron.
Oh, shit!
And the only thing I can think of
is how much I want to kiss Gary.
I just hate Marnie. I hate her.
Marnie, Marnie, Marnie.
Get off him!
(screams)
What the fuck?
I have not thought this through.
What the hell? Me and Charlotte
are actually getting on.
Listen. I love you three girls.
Hi, bitches.
I love these people so much.
It's like nothing
I've ever felt before.
I wouldn't change it for the world.
Marnie's gone.
She's left the Geordie Shore family.
I think we're all in a state
of complete shock.
It's hard. I'm kind of happy for her,
but I'm devastated she's gone.
Yeah.
Do you know what I mean?
It's mad to think when Marnie came
in this house, I was pure, like...
It was the first time I'd been...
Me head was messed up
by someone in here.
Marnie was the only girl
I could see myself falling for.
And now she's done one.
Yous two fucking better not
leave me, like, I swear to God.
I wouldn't, I couldn't leave.
We're not going anywhere.
Brothers, innit?
Terrible threesome, mate.
Oh. (sighs)
Mad boys.
That was the hardest thing
I've ever had to do in me life.
I don't think she'd want us to be
sat around sad, though.
I know, she'd want us to get drunk.
Yeah.
I know that Marnie would want us
to have fun, so I'm gonna try.
I'm gonna get absolutely mortal
and go fucking radge.
Can you believe it's the last night,
though?
I can't.
It's gone so quick.
You've come in here
in a relationship.
I'm leaving with a tan.
It's better than your boyfriend
ever was.(laughs)
It's our last night.
We need to forget everything
and just have fun.
I just can't believe Marnie's not
gonna be here to experience it.
It's the last night.
Let's all get absolutely fucked.
Yeah, I agree. Let's do it.
For Marns.
Marnsworth.
Today has been a sad day,
losing Marnie.
But we are determined to end
this great adventure on a high.
It'll be weird going back.
This feels like home.
I've had that much fun in Greece.
Them Greeks should erect
a giant statue of me, Scotty T,
the emperor of fucking fanny.
Let's just dance like lunatics
and go out with a fucking bang.
Yeah, boys.
Get ready for one last Geordie
invasion. We're coming to get you.
Lads!
Howay.
It's good to end our time in Greece
with the drink of the holiday,
strawberry daiquiri.
This is our last daiquiri in Zante.
(all cheer)
I cannot be arsed to leave Greece
with anything hanging over my head.
So it's about time I had a fucking
chat with that rascal, Chloe.
Chloe, howay?
See you later.
Bye, Chlo.
Oh, my God,
Scott's asked to talk to us.
I'm so nervous.
Play it cool, Chloe. Play it cool.
(both laugh)
You fucking 'nana.
For fuck's sake. That was smooth.
We've never actually had a chance
to properly talk.
But I just want to hear it from you,
like, what is the actual crack?
Obviously I've told you the
other day that, like, I do like ya.
Shit, it's out there. I've said it.
There's no going back.
Howay, like, what do you expect?
I'm a young, single lad.
I'm going to be out on the pull.
I'm not asking you to be
in a relationship.
You've been honest with me now.
I'm gonna be honest with you, like.
Like... I like you as a mate.
I don't like you in that way.
This whole time I've liked Scott,
he doesn't even like us back.
Hearing him say he doesn't like us
really breaks me heart.
I'm not saying
feelings won't change.
But right now, in the minute, like,
I don't like you in that way.
Why would you do things with us?
I probably shouldn't have.
This is not how I want it to happen.
I look like such a mug.
I want to be friends with you.
Let's go out and have a laugh.
I'm so glad I cleared the air
with Chloe. Cos she is a mint girl.
OK, yeah.
Right.
Now I know that Scott
doesn't feel the same,
I'm gonna try and move on and
find someone who likes me for me.
But I'm not gonna let it
ruin my night.
Are you gonna miss us?
(laughs)
Just tell us.
Yeah, I will miss you.
This is the first time ever that
me and you have been in the house
and we haven't argued.
Not one.
Not one argument.
For the first time ever,
me and Gary haven't argued.
That is an achievement.
We should both be knighted.
You're in a relationship,
I'm in a relationship,
and that makes it so much easier.
We're in a good place.
First time ever we've both been
in relationships and lived together.
But it worked. We're leaving
better friends than ever.
What do you think the future holds,
then? When we get back to Newcastle?
It's our fucking house.
This is mine and yours and we've
always got to keep guarding it
and watch over these idiots
to the end.
(laughs)
Oh.
Pre-drinks done.
We're about to go pure radge.
Let's go to the club.
We get to this club.
It's the last fucking night
and we are gonna do what we do best.
I always love the last nights,
because it means it's family night.
No pulling, no distractions.
Just all of us have an amazing time
together.
I've been on a personal journey
and I've had Chloe by my side the
whole time. She is the fucking best.
I'm so glad that I didn't leave
and I've now made it to the end.
This group of people are my family
and I love them to bits.
Last time around, me and Chloe
were the new piece of arse.
This time, we're the booty.
And we're gonna twerk
the fucking shit out of it.
I am absolutely mortal.
But my dancing is still on point.
Yes!
It really does prove that
I've been through such a lot
when I've even got Scott
telling me how proud of me he is.
It's mint to have the old Holly back
and see her happy.
If it wasn't the last night,
who knows what would have happened?
We're all having such a good time
as a family tonight.
And in one way,
I really don't want this to end.
We might be a crazy
bunch of coconuts,
but I fucking love this lot so much.
Our last night in Greece would not be
complete without a bit of bubbly.
Champagne anyone?
This last night has been amazing.
Greece will not forget us in a hurry.
Time to leave this club. And
Nathan has got a surprise for us.
I've arranged for us
to set off fire lanterns.
Always wanted to do this.
We're gonna write down a wish and
set them off, cos that's romantic.
And I love these lot.
Nathan has done wicked here. What
a way to end our holiday in Greece.
So on my lantern,
I've drawn the family,
cos I want us to
stay together forever.
"Family forever and always.
And I wish us always to be happy."
"All the happiness in the world to
my Geordie family,
even Kyle and Marnie,
who fucked off."
"And to many more happy times
to come."
(girls) Aw.
"I want cockerel."
"PS, Scotty T's. Shh."
That chat might as well
have gone in one ear
and out her fucking arsehole.
What can I say?
My cockerel is fucking naughty.
"Zante 2015, the best time
of my life with my Geordie Squad."
"Never forget yous."
(girls) Aw!
Aaron.
I am feeling the love right now.
Everyone's done their messages.
Now it's time to get these
fucking lanterns up in the air.
Mine's working.
Press it.
Whoa, whoa, whoa.
Here let go, let go, let go.
Oh, my God, oh, my God, oh, my God.
Oh, my God, oh, my God.
We'll move it to here.
No, it's gone.Come this way.
Fuck, I didn't think
this would be that hard.
I thought all we'd have to do
is light the fucker and let it go.
But clearly it's not that simple.
Oh, no, it's... Oh, no! (laughs)
(screams)
This lantern's got
as much chance of flying
than I have passing my GCSEs.
Fucking take off!
It's fucking hard work.
They're shit.
And mine's going in the fucking sea.
I'm dedicating my lantern to Marnie.
I wonder if she'll see it
from the plane.
Fly!
(laughter)
Running after Marnie's lantern,
my boobs popped out.
They must miss their lesbian friend.
Nah, Chlo, it's ruined.
Nathan, the thought was there.
But I'm not gonna lie, mate,
these lanterns are fucking shit.
Feeling the pressure.
Everybody else's haven't lit,
or they've ended up in the fucking
sea. Please let mine fly. Please.
Yes, it's up! Look!
(all cheer)
Oh, my God!
Yes!
Yes! Get in. Success.
I wish we always have
a wicked time in this house.
Standing on the beach
and watching that lantern fly away,
there's no place I'd rather be
than with this lot.
Whoo! That's amazing.
That one lantern represents us
as one strong family,
and it's beautiful.
I loved everyone and I hope
we make loads more wicked memories
than we already have.
(all cheer)
Greece me up and watch me go.
Scott? No!
Ke-bab. Ke-bab.
(Charlotte)Jagerbombs!
(cheering)
(Aaron)Chloe, have this.
(laughter)
Gary!
Zante, meet Charlotte.
Buzzing.
Charlotte has got her tits out.
Really?
(Scott)Tonight is all about pulling.
Fuck, this is amazing.
What a great end to a great night.
I want to spoon Gary!
Oh!
Love you.
This is what we needed.
Our time in Greece brought
our family closer than ever.
I'm so glad I've been part of it.
(Charlotte)A boat, a breakup,
a coming out...
...two departures...
...and an engagement later...
(cheering)
...nine might have become seven...
...but the Geordie Shore family
still lives on.
Bye, Zante. I'll see you
back in the fucking nest.
Bye, boys.
Bye.
Leaving as friends.
Come on, Gary.
(laughs)
(Holly)This time around
has been hard.
But with the help
of my Geordie Shore family,
I'm stronger than ever.
.